PROJECT: KickTalk - Twitter Clone niched towards Football Fans.

KickTalk is a social media app for football fans. They can share their thoughts with like-minded fans, 
view all kinds of data regarding fixtures, players and teams. They can exchange direct messages.

I created KickTalk as I wanted football fans to have a place where they could engage with each 
other about the sport they love.

I took inspiration from Twitter due to its UI which promotes free flowing discussion and 
conversation.

I felt that although Twitter is great for conversation, it can become very sporadic when 
talking to or trying to discover people in the same community, so I felt it was necessary 
to develop a niched version, while taking inspiration from Twitter via the UI and features.

KickTalk was created using React, Node, Express and Redis. Styled with TailwindCSS.

Data is kept up to date with the use of event scheduling and data caching. Events are scheduled 
at various lengths of time, depending on the type of data. Once the event is scheduled, 
the relevant data is fetched via HTTP request to the 3rd party API and stored in Redis cache. 
The frontend then retreives the data from the cache. This method ensured that one request 
to the third party API can serve multiple users, which meant that there was no need for expensive 
API request usage.


PROJECT: Dexx - AI Flashcard & Roadmap generator

Dexx is a tool used for people students or people just curious about learning a topic. 
Name the topic and Dexx generates a series of flashcards or a roadmap which breaks the topic 
down into subtopics and shows the resources to revise from.

I created Dexx as there is are many great and in-depth resources on the internet, yet they 
are either yet to be discovered or not known by many. Such resources can be invaluable to people 
wanting to gain rich, in depth knowledge about a topic instead of going through the 
traditional method of reading provided books and taking notes manually.

The AI flashcard generation removes the need for paper notes that can be tiresome and long to 
create.

Dexx was created using Next.js, Prisma, NextAuth, Supabase, OpenAI and styled with TailwindCSS and Shadcn.

